Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of a 2018
American post-apocalyptic horror
thriller film called 'Bird Box'.
The film is directed by Susanne Bier and
stars Sandra Bullock as Malorie Hayes.
The story follows Malorie, as she fights
to defend herself and two children from
creatures that make anyone who stare at
them go crazy and end their own lives.
There will be Spoilers ahead,
so please proceed with caution.
Okay, let's begin.
Malorie Hayes tells two young,
unidentified children that they
would be rowing along a river in a
rowboat in a post-apocalyptic world.
She warns them that if they remove
their blindfolds, they would perish.
Jessica, Malorie's sister, pays a visit
to a pregnant Malorie five years ago.
Unprecedented mass suicides are rapidly
spreading across Europe, according to a
television investigation. Malorie watches a lady
injuring herself while in the hospital for a
regular exam before others panic and pandemonium
ensues. Jessica sees the creature, which causes
her to destroy her car recklessly before stepping
in front of an oncoming truck and killing herself.
A woman invites Malorie inside her home for
protection while she flees on foot. After
seeing the creature, the lady enters a trance and
sits inside a flaming automobile, which explodes.
Malorie is picked up off the street by a stranger,
Tom, and they are welcomed inside the house,
where around a dozen other people are seeking
refuge. One is a grocery store employee who
believes that demonic beings have invaded Earth
and are driving humans mad. When they leave the
house, they blindfold themselves and cover all
the windows. The owner of the home agrees to
check the security cameras to keep an eye on the
creatures, but he kills himself while doing so.
Olympia, a new pregnant survivor, arrives,
and owing to dwindling food supplies,
half of the gang heads to a local store. Malorie
receives several pet birds and their belongings,
and the presence of the beings leads the birds
to go insane. A coworker of Charlie's attacks
the group, but Charlie sacrifices himself to
save the others, who make it back to the house.
Felix and Lucy eventually take the vehicle and
drive away. Against Douglas' desires, Olympia
invites Gary, a stranger, inside the house.
Douglas is knocked unconscious and imprisoned
in the garage after threatening Gary with a
firearm. Gary works on several sketches of the
entities and goes into a trance before exposing
Douglas to the entities. He knocks out Tom while
Olympia and Malorie go into labour at the same
time. Gary then goes upstairs and uncovers all
of the room's windows putting everyone in danger.
Olympia fails to turn away in time, as a result of
seeing the light, she ends her life by jumping out
the window. Gary overpowers Cheryl and forces her
to look at the creatures, forcing her to stab
herself in the neck with a pair of scissors.
Malorie hides with both of the newborn infants
beneath a blanket. Douglas uses a shotgun to
try and stop Gary, but Gary manages to use a pair
of scissors to kill Douglas. While Malorie looks
after the babies, Tom regains consciousness
just in time to overpower and put down Gary.
After five years, Tom and Malorie have moved
in with the children, who are referred to as
'Boy' and 'Girl.' They get a message from a
survivor who tells them of a safe colony concealed
in the woods. They are attacked by a group of the
unblindfolded survivors as they leave their house,
and Tom rushes to distract them so Malorie
and the children may flee. Tom then exposes
his eyes in order to see and kill the attackers,
but he is subsequently afflicted by the entities.
Malorie and the children travel along
the river in a boat, blindfolded,
carrying the birds as a warning against the
entities. In the rapids, the boat flips,
but they manage to find each other. When
Malorie slips down a hill, the entities
attempt to use Malorie's voice to persuade
the youngsters to remove their blindfolds.
Malorie regains consciousness and
tells the kids where she may be found.
They ultimately arrive at the village, which
is a former blind school. Malorie ultimately
releases the birds and names the children, Tom
and Olympia, recognising herself as their mother.
If you like this movie, click the link in the
description below to watch more movies like this.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. Hit the
like button and subscribe for more videos.
Have a great day ahead.